### Masters 2021 HT-101 Walk-in and Student Project

The code is released for the Masters 2021 Shell Project for Crestron MCP-HT-101,201 class.  The walk-in archive source code as well as instructor in class demo code is included.  Archives for deployment are not included in this package and must be built using the template functionality. 



**IMPORTANT NOTE:** These are **<u>exported projects</u> ** the node package files are not contained within these folders and must be added for local and production deployment using the steps below.

#### **Instructions for using the provided sample code. **

All of the completed code has been exported from the project without the node assets. The Node applications must be added by running "yarn install" in the root folder after unzipping each file.

1. Download and extract the project exports to HT101Exports. 
2. Open the HT101Exports folder in Visual Studio Code. 
3. Go to View -- Terminal 
4. In the terminal window type the command below to being installing the node packages necessary to build the project. 

```shell
yarn install
```

5. After running yarn install the project should run properly. 

**Course-Outline Page**

This page is put more for design communication than function.  It shows the manual construction of a nested list architecture with ordered and unordered lists.  This shows the different layers that can exist in an html list and how they may or may not display

```HTML
<ol type="1"> <!-- This is a tag for an ordered list with a defining property to display numbered -->             <li><h4>Project Structure</h4> 
          <ul>
              <li><p>how to edit project settings</p></li>
              <li><p>Creating project components</p></li>  
          </ul>
      </li>
</ol>
```



**Objects Page**

The objects page contains the demo code from class.  There are three CH5 objects used on this page used as input triggers and three ch5-textinput objects used in their output form for program feedback.

 The objects on the page are styled using the local .scss file in the folder in order to not overwrite any template defaults. The local .scss file has local comments to indicate which elements are being styled by the particular class.  The classes used to style the CH5 elements can be found in the documentation at  <a href = "https://developer.crestron.com">The Crestron Developer CH5 Microsite</a> specific links to CSS classes can be found in the Interactive student guide for this class. 

*Objects* 

1. CH5-button:
2. CH5-Slider 
3. CH5-TextInput



## License

Crestron example code is licensed to Crestron dealers and Crestron Service Providers (CSPs) under a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable Software Development Tools License Agreement. Crestron product operating system software is licensed to Crestron dealers, CSPs, and end-users under a separate End-User License Agreement. Both of these Agreements can be found on the Crestron website at www.crestron.com/legal/software-license-agreement. The product warranty can be found at www.crestron.com/legal/sales-terms-conditions-warranties. The specific patents that cover Crestron products are listed at www.crestron.com/legal/patents. Certain Crestron products contain open source software. For specific information, visit www.crestron.com/legal/opensource-software. Crestron, the Crestron logo, Crestron Virtual Control, VC-4, 4-Series, 4-Series Control System, Crestron Studio, Crestron Toolbox, Crestron XiO Cloud, SIMPL+, and VT-Pro e are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Crestron Electronics, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. Microsoft Visual Studio and Active Directory is either a trademark or a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, and trade names may be used in this document to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their products. Crestron disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others. Crestron is not responsible for errors in typography or photography. ©2021Crestron Electronics, Inc.

 Copyright (C) 2021 to the present, Crestron Electronics, Inc. All rights reserved.  No part of this software may be reproduced in any form, machine or natural, without the express written consent of Crestron Electronics. Use of this source code is subject to the terms of the Crestron Software License Agreement under which you licensed this source code.

 **This code was automatically generated by Crestron's code generation tool.**